docs/team/DEVELOPMENT_STATUS.md, before:

# 🔧 **DEVELOPMENT STATUS & CONTINUITY**

## **🚀 Current Application Status**

### **Production Deployment**
- **Status**: ✅ LIVE AND OPERATIONAL
- **Main App**: https://flowiq-ai-spark-diug6m0uf-flow-iq.vercel.app
- **Midwest Dental Sleep**: https://midwest-dental-sleep.flow-iq.ai
- **West County Spine**: https://west-county-spine.flow-iq.ai
- **Platform Admin**: https://app.flow-iq.ai/platform-admin

### **CI/CD Pipeline**
- **Status**: ✅ FULLY OPERATIONAL
- **GitHub Actions**: Working correctly
- **Vercel Deployment**: Automated and functional
- **Supabase Integration**: Connected and operational
- **Security Scans**: Active and passing

### **Health Checks**
- **Overall Success Rate**: 83%
- **Main App**: ✅ OK (401 - Expected for auth)
- **Health Endpoint**: ✅ OK (401 - Expected for auth)
- **Midwest Dental Sleep**: ✅ OK (200)
- **West County Spine**: ✅ OK (200)
- **Page Load Time**: ✅ OK (0.19s)
- **Supabase Connectivity**: ⚠️ Needs investigation

---

## **📋 Current Development Tasks**

### **Jason's Active Work**
1. **Platform Admin Dashboard** (`src/components/admin/PlatformTenants.tsx`)
   - Status: In Progress
   - Branch: `production-deployment-ready`
   - Last Commit: `2860913 - Add Schedule Settings access - Add Settings button to Schedule page header - Add schedule-settings route to DentalSleepApp - Enable access to Enhanced Provider Management and AI Waitlist System - Users can now click Settings button on Schedule page to access provider management and AI waitlist features`
   - Uncommitted Changes:        5 files
   - Next: Complete tenant management features

2. **Production Deployment Verification**
   - Status: Completed
   - Branch: `production-deployment-ready`
   - Next: Monitor system performance

### **Jeff's Upcoming Work**
1. **Practice Setup Configuration**
   - Status: Not Started
   - Branch: `feature/jeff/practice-setup`
   - Dependencies: Platform admin completion

2. **User Onboarding Process**
   - Status: Not Started
   - Branch: `feature/jeff/user-onboarding`
   - Dependencies: Practice setup completion

---

## **🔄 Thread Continuity System**

### **For New Thread Transitions**
When starting a new conversation thread, reference these files:

1. **`docs/team/TEAM_SPRINT_BOARD.md`** - Current tasks and status
2. **`docs/team/TEAM_CONTEXT.md`** - Team communication and decisions
3. **`docs/team/DEVELOPMENT_STATUS.md`** - Technical status and continuity
4. **`CI_CD_STATUS.md`** - Deployment and pipeline status

### **Quick Status Summary**
```
Application: ✅ LIVE
CI/CD: ✅ OPERATIONAL
Team: ✅ COORDINATED
Next: Practice setup and user onboarding
```

### **Key Context for New Threads**
- Application is deployed and live
- CI/CD pipeline is fully operational
- Team coordination system is established
- Next phase is pilot practice setup
- Daily standup at 10:00 AM CT

---

## **🚨 Current Issues & Blockers**

### **Active Issues**
- **None currently** - All systems operational

### **Resolved Issues**
- ✅ Git merge conflicts - Resolved July 31, 2025
- ✅ Production deployment - Completed July 31, 2025
- ✅ Team coordination setup - Completed July 31, 2025

### **Monitoring Areas**
- **Supabase connectivity** - Needs investigation
- **Performance metrics** - Monitor page load times
- **Error rates** - Track any new issues

---

## **📊 Technical Metrics**

### **Build Status**
- **Last Build**: ✅ Successful
- **Build Time**: 5.27s
- **Bundle Size**: 2.1MB total, 543KB gzipped
- **Type Checking**: ✅ Passed
- **Linting**: ✅ Passed with minor warnings

### **Deployment Status**
- **Last Deployment**: ✅ Successful
- **Deployment Time**: <2 minutes
- **Health Checks**: ✅ Passing
- **SSL Certificates**: ✅ Active

### **Code Quality**
- **Test Coverage**: 85%
- **Security Scans**: ✅ Passing
- **Performance**: ✅ Optimized
- **Accessibility**: ✅ Compliant

---

## **🎯 Next Steps**

### **Immediate (This Week)**
1. **Complete platform admin dashboard** (Jason)
2. **Begin practice setup configuration** (Jeff)
3. **Monitor system performance** (Both)
4. **Prepare for user onboarding** (Jeff)

### **Next Week**
1. **Complete practice setup** (Jeff)
2. **Begin user onboarding** (Jeff)
3. **Set up monitoring** (Jason)
4. **Conduct training sessions** (Both)

### **Sprint 2 (August 15-28)**
1. **Pilot practice launch**
2. **User training completion**
3. **Performance optimization**
4. **Feedback collection**

---

**Last Updated**: August 05, 2025 06:06 PM CT  
**Next Update**: Next development session

Commit message:

Add Waitlist Tile to Quick Stats Bar - Add waitlist tile to the top quick stats bar for immediate visibility - Change grid from 4 to 5 columns to accommodate waitlist tile - Add click functionality to toggle waitlist panel visibility - Implement dynamic layout that expands waitlist panel when clicked - Add waitlist count state and mock data - Provide intuitive access to waitlist without navigating to settings - Staff can now click waitlist tile to view full waitlist panel

docs/team/DEVELOPMENT_STATUS.md, after:

# 🔧 **DEVELOPMENT STATUS & CONTINUITY**

## **🚀 Current Application Status**

### **Production Deployment**
- **Status**: ✅ LIVE AND OPERATIONAL
- **Main App**: https://flowiq-ai-spark-diug6m0uf-flow-iq.vercel.app
- **Midwest Dental Sleep**: https://midwest-dental-sleep.flow-iq.ai
- **West County Spine**: https://west-county-spine.flow-iq.ai
- **Platform Admin**: https://app.flow-iq.ai/platform-admin

### **CI/CD Pipeline**
- **Status**: ✅ FULLY OPERATIONAL
- **GitHub Actions**: Working correctly
- **Vercel Deployment**: Automated and functional
- **Supabase Integration**: Connected and operational
- **Security Scans**: Active and passing

### **Health Checks**
- **Overall Success Rate**: 83%
- **Main App**: ✅ OK (401 - Expected for auth)
- **Health Endpoint**: ✅ OK (401 - Expected for auth)
- **Midwest Dental Sleep**: ✅ OK (200)
- **West County Spine**: ✅ OK (200)
- **Page Load Time**: ✅ OK (0.19s)
- **Supabase Connectivity**: ⚠️ Needs investigation

---

## **📋 Current Development Tasks**

### **Jason's Active Work**
1. **Platform Admin Dashboard** (`src/components/admin/PlatformTenants.tsx`)
   - Status: In Progress
   - Branch: `production-deployment-ready`
   - Last Commit: `8c1cd2f - Add Waitlist Panel to main Schedule UI - Create comprehensive WaitlistPanel component for ongoing staff monitoring - Add waitlist panel to third column of schedule layout - Include quick stats (Total, High Priority, Urgent counts) - Add patient contact and details functionality - Include AI auto-fill button for intelligent waitlist management - Add ability to add new patients to waitlist - Provide comprehensive patient details dialog - Enable staff to monitor waitlist on ongoing basis instead of just in settings`
   - Uncommitted Changes:        5 files
   - Next: Complete tenant management features

2. **Production Deployment Verification**
   - Status: Completed
   - Branch: `production-deployment-ready`
   - Next: Monitor system performance

### **Jeff's Upcoming Work**
1. **Practice Setup Configuration**
   - Status: Not Started
   - Branch: `feature/jeff/practice-setup`
   - Dependencies: Platform admin completion

2. **User Onboarding Process**
   - Status: Not Started
   - Branch: `feature/jeff/user-onboarding`
   - Dependencies: Practice setup completion

---

## **🔄 Thread Continuity System**

### **For New Thread Transitions**
When starting a new conversation thread, reference these files:

1. **`docs/team/TEAM_SPRINT_BOARD.md`** - Current tasks and status
2. **`docs/team/TEAM_CONTEXT.md`** - Team communication and decisions
3. **`docs/team/DEVELOPMENT_STATUS.md`** - Technical status and continuity
4. **`CI_CD_STATUS.md`** - Deployment and pipeline status

### **Quick Status Summary**
```
Application: ✅ LIVE
CI/CD: ✅ OPERATIONAL
Team: ✅ COORDINATED
Next: Practice setup and user onboarding
```

### **Key Context for New Threads**
- Application is deployed and live
- CI/CD pipeline is fully operational
- Team coordination system is established
- Next phase is pilot practice setup
- Daily standup at 10:00 AM CT

---

## **🚨 Current Issues & Blockers**

### **Active Issues**
- **None currently** - All systems operational

### **Resolved Issues**
- ✅ Git merge conflicts - Resolved July 31, 2025
- ✅ Production deployment - Completed July 31, 2025
- ✅ Team coordination setup - Completed July 31, 2025

### **Monitoring Areas**
- **Supabase connectivity** - Needs investigation
- **Performance metrics** - Monitor page load times
- **Error rates** - Track any new issues

---

## **📊 Technical Metrics**

### **Build Status**
- **Last Build**: ✅ Successful
- **Build Time**: 5.27s
- **Bundle Size**: 2.1MB total, 543KB gzipped
- **Type Checking**: ✅ Passed
- **Linting**: ✅ Passed with minor warnings

### **Deployment Status**
- **Last Deployment**: ✅ Successful
- **Deployment Time**: <2 minutes
- **Health Checks**: ✅ Passing
- **SSL Certificates**: ✅ Active

### **Code Quality**
- **Test Coverage**: 85%
- **Security Scans**: ✅ Passing
- **Performance**: ✅ Optimized
- **Accessibility**: ✅ Compliant

---

## **🎯 Next Steps**

### **Immediate (This Week)**
1. **Complete platform admin dashboard** (Jason)
2. **Begin practice setup configuration** (Jeff)
3. **Monitor system performance** (Both)
4. **Prepare for user onboarding** (Jeff)

### **Next Week**
1. **Complete practice setup** (Jeff)
2. **Begin user onboarding** (Jeff)
3. **Set up monitoring** (Jason)
4. **Conduct training sessions** (Both)

### **Sprint 2 (August 15-28)**
1. **Pilot practice launch**
2. **User training completion**
3. **Performance optimization**
4. **Feedback collection**

---

**Last Updated**: August 05, 2025 06:20 PM CT  
**Next Update**: Next development session
